README.md, before:

# node-tdd

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/blackflux/node-tdd.png?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/blackflux/node-tdd)
[![Test Coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/blackflux/node-tdd/master.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/blackflux/node-tdd?branch=master)
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=blackflux/node-tdd)](https://dependabot.com)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/blackflux/node-tdd/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/blackflux/node-tdd)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/node-tdd.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-tdd)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/node-tdd.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-tdd)
[![Semantic-Release](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener/blob/master/assets/icons/semver.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Gardener](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener/blob/master/assets/badge.svg)](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener)

Drop in replacement for [mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha) to abstract commonly used test setups


## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

    $ npm install --save node-tdd

## Usage

Drop-in replacement for mocha by simply importing `describe` as below.

<!-- eslint-disable import/no-unresolved, import/no-extraneous-dependencies -->
```js
const expect = require('chai').expect;
const { describe } = require('node-tdd');

describe('Testing some stuff', /* { ...options }, */ () => {
  it('Testing a thing', () => {
    expect(3 * 7).to.equal(21);
  });
});
```

Please see tests for further usage examples.

### Function Kwargs

#### dir

Type: `string`

The tmp directory for this test. Only available when `useTmpDir` is set.

#### recorder

Type: `object`

Can be called to interact with the currently captured console logs. Exposes the following functions:
- `get(level = null)`:  Returns array of recorded console logs. Can be restricted to level by passing one of `log`, `info`, `error`, `warn`. 
- `reset()`: Reset currently captured logs
- `verbose(flag: boolean)`: Set verbosity mode of capture
 
 Only available when `recordConsole` is set.

#### capture

Type: `function`

Utility function that takes a function as an argument, calls it and expects it to raise an error. The raised error is returned. If not error is raised an assertion error is thrown instead.

### Options

#### useTmpDir

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

When set to true, a fresh temporary directory is set up for each test. The directory is cleaned up after the test run has completed.

#### useNock

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

When set to true, all requests are automatically nocked. The recording files are automatically created relative to the current test file.

#### envVars

Type: `object`<br>
Default: -

Used to declare environment variables per describe. Environment variables are also picked up from shadow files as e.g. `test.spec.js.env.yml`.

To allow overwriting of environment variables prefix the name of the environment variable with `^`.

#### timestamp

Type: `number`<br>
Default: -

Set unix timestamp to freeze time to. Will modify the result of e.g. `new Date()`.

#### recordConsole

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

When set to true, console logging calls are recorded and can be accessed by using `recorder` from within the test.

#### cryptoSeed

Type: `string`<br>
Default: -

When set, randomization is overwritten and consistent per test using the provided seed.

#### timeout

Type: `number`<br>
Default: -

Set the timeout for all tests in the suite.

Commit message:

fix: record now takes logger as parameter (e.g. console)

README.md, after:

# node-tdd

[![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/blackflux/node-tdd.png?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/blackflux/node-tdd)
[![Test Coverage](https://img.shields.io/coveralls/blackflux/node-tdd/master.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/blackflux/node-tdd?branch=master)
[![Dependabot Status](https://api.dependabot.com/badges/status?host=github&repo=blackflux/node-tdd)](https://dependabot.com)
[![Dependencies](https://david-dm.org/blackflux/node-tdd/status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/blackflux/node-tdd)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/node-tdd.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-tdd)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/node-tdd.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-tdd)
[![Semantic-Release](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener/blob/master/assets/icons/semver.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Gardener](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener/blob/master/assets/badge.svg)](https://github.com/blackflux/js-gardener)

Drop in replacement for [mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha) to abstract commonly used test setups


## Install

Install with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/):

    $ npm install --save node-tdd

## Usage

Drop-in replacement for mocha by simply importing `describe` as below.

<!-- eslint-disable import/no-unresolved, import/no-extraneous-dependencies -->
```js
const expect = require('chai').expect;
const { describe } = require('node-tdd');

describe('Testing some stuff', /* { ...options }, */ () => {
  it('Testing a thing', () => {
    expect(3 * 7).to.equal(21);
  });
});
```

Please see tests for further usage examples.

### Function Kwargs

#### dir

Type: `string`

The tmp directory for this test. Only available when `useTmpDir` is set.

#### recorder

Type: `object`

Can be called to interact with the currently captured logs. Exposes the following functions:
- `get(level = null)`:  Returns array of recorded logs. Can be restricted by passing in the log level. 
- `reset()`: Reset currently captured logs
- `verbose(flag: boolean)`: Set verbosity mode of capture (if the original logger function is called)
 
 Only available when `recordConsole` is set.

#### capture

Type: `function`

Utility function that takes a function as an argument, calls it and expects it to raise an error. The raised error is returned. If not error is raised an assertion error is thrown instead.

### Options

#### useTmpDir

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

When set to true, a fresh temporary directory is set up for each test. The directory is cleaned up after the test run has completed.

#### useNock

Type: `boolean`<br>
Default: `false`

When set to true, all requests are automatically nocked. The recording files are automatically created relative to the current test file.

#### envVars

Type: `object`<br>
Default: -

Used to declare environment variables per describe. Environment variables are also picked up from shadow files as e.g. `test.spec.js.env.yml`.

To allow overwriting of environment variables prefix the name of the environment variable with `^`.

#### timestamp

Type: `number`<br>
Default: -

Set unix timestamp to freeze time to. Will modify the result of e.g. `new Date()`.

#### record

Type: `object`<br>
Default: -

Expects logger (e.g. `console`) to be passed in and captures input,
which can be accessed by using `recorder` from within the test.

#### cryptoSeed

Type: `string`<br>
Default: -

When set, randomization is overwritten and consistent per test using the provided seed.

#### timeout

Type: `number`<br>
Default: -

Set the timeout for all tests in the suite.
